# IdentificationQuestion

This repository contains the code used in the numerical experiments in the paper:

	B. Sturt (2024). The Value of Robust Assortment Optimization Under Ranking-based Choice Models. Management Science


## Citation

If you use the code in this repository in your own research, please cite the above paper as follows:

```
@article{sturt2024identification,
	title={The Value of Robust Assortment Optimization Under Ranking-based Choice Models},
	author={Sturt, Bradley},
	year={2024},
    journal={Management Science}
}
```

The processed data files in `conjoint_data/` came from the `optimalPLD_data/toubia2003_neq3584_Keq330_v2/` directory of the following paper:

> D. Bertsimas and V. V. Mišić (2019). Exact first-choice product line optimization. *Operations Research*, 67(3) : 651-670.  Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=3020502. 

Please see the Github page of that paper (https://github.com/vvmisic/optimalPLD/blob/master/README.md?plain=1) for proper citations of the conjoint dataset. 

## Organization

This repository is organized into the following directories: 

* `julia_scripts/` Contains the scripts for performing the numerical experiments. The output of executing the scripts is saved in the data directory. After loading the script into the Julia terminal, the code is executed using the main function.
    * `section_3.jl` Performs the numerical experiments for answering question 1 in Section 3. 
	* `appendix_A1.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figures EC.1 and EC.2 in Appendix A.1.  
	* `appendix_A2_1.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figure EC.3 from Appendix A.2. 
	* `appendix_A2_2.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figure EC.4 from Appendix A.2. 
	* `appendix_A3.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figure EC.5 from Appendix A.3. 
	* `appendix_A4.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figure EC.6 from Appendix A.4. 
	* `appendix_A5.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figure EC.7 from Appendix A.5. 
	* `appendix_A6.jl` Performs the numerical experiments associated with Figure EC.8 from Appendix A.6. 
	* `utils.jl`, `general_utils.jl`, `nested_utils.jl` Contains helper functions for solving the robust and optimistic optimization problems. 
	* `construct_L.jl`, `construct_S_hat.jl`, `construct_rho.jl` Contains helper functions for solving the robust and optimistic optimization problems in the case of general collection of past assortments
* `data/` Contains the output of the Julia scripts 
* `conjoint_data/` Contains the processed conjoint data files used in Appendix A.6
* `r_scripts/` Contains the scripts for generating the figures from Appendix A
	* `appendix_A1.R` Generates Figures EC.1 and EC.2 in Appendix A.1.  
	* `appendix_A2.R` Generates Figures EC.3 and EC.4 from Appendix A.2. 
	* `appendix_A3.R` Generates Figure EC.5 from Appendix A.3. 
	* `appendix_A4.R` Generates Figure EC.6 from Appendix A.4. 
	* `appendix_A5.R` Generates Figure EC.7 from Appendix A.5. 
	* `appendix_A6.R` Generates Figure EC.8 from Appendix A.6. 

* `figures/` Contains the figures that are generated by the R scripts. 

## Requirements

The scripts from the directory `julia_scripts` were tested using the Julia programming language (version 1.5.2) with the following packages and versions: 
* JuMP v0.21.9,
* Gurobi v0.9.14. 

The scripts from the directory `r_scripts` were tested using the R programming language (version 4.1.0). 

The author assumes responsibility for any errors in the code and paper.  

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Bradley Sturt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


